- [[Linda Nov 1]] #spiritual-direction
- # Web clipping
  collapsed:: true
	- [How to save web articles in LogSeq ? (for moving away from Evernote) - Questions & Help - Logseq](https://discuss.logseq.com/t/how-to-save-web-articles-in-logseq-for-moving-away-from-evernote/20420)
	  collapsed:: true
		- Roam Highlighter + paste it s my go-to also. The available one-click extensions aren’t worth the hassle, no matter how much I miss the Evernote clipper.
	- [Trump Attacks Liz Cheney Using Violent War Imagery - The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/11/01/us/politics/trump-liz-cheney-tucker-carlson.html)
	  tags:: [[SendToLogseq]]
	- [Homemade Spicy Chili Crisp Recipe](https://www.seriouseats.com/homemade-spicy-chili-crisp?utm_source=pocket_collection_story) #[[Roam-Highlights]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- The combination of árbol, japones, and Kashmiri red chiles offers up a fiery punch along with fruity and bright flavors.
		- Frying the shallots and garlic in the same oil used in the chili crisp yields maximum flavor.
		- A high ratio of fried shallots and garlic results in more texture and crunch than in the original chili crisp.
	- [What is Lebanon’s ancient city of Baalbek and why is Israel targetinghg it? | Israel attacks Lebanon | Al Jazeera](https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2024/11/1/what-is-lebanons-ancient-city-of-baalbek-and-why-is-israel-targeting-it)
	  collapsed:: true
		- tags:: [[SendToLogseq]]
		- What is Lebanon’s ancient city of Baalbek and why is Israel targeting it? | Israel attacks Lebanon | Al Jazeera
			- Israel this week issued a citywide evacuation order for the first time since it stepped up its attacks on Lebanon in late September.
			- Tens of thousands of people have fled Baalbek, the largest city in eastern Lebanon, following Israeli forced displacement calls for the city and its surrounding villages.
			- Israel’s orders on Wednesday and Thursday saying it was preparing to attack targets of the Lebanese group Hezbollah were followed by strikes on the city.
			- On Wednesday, the initial displacement order caused immediate alarm.
			- “People are panicking, running around in confusion, bumping into each other, unsure where to go or what to do,” said Roula Zeaiter, programme manager for RDFL (The Lebanese Women Democratic Gathering), describing how crowded neighbourhoods, many housing displaced families fleeing Israeli bombardment in Lebanon’s south and the surrounding areas, emptied quickly.
			- “Minutes after the order to leave came, the streets were filled with people grabbing their things, locking their homes and closing their shops,” Zeaiter told RDFL’s partner organisation, ActionAid. “We’re scrambling like scared mice, moving from place to place. Lebanon is becoming like Gaza, with Israeli forces using the same tactics.”
			- ### Sign up for Al Jazeera
			- #### Weekly Newsletter
			- The latest news from around the world. Timely. Accurate. Fair.
			- Hours after the forced displacement call on Wednesday, air attacks hit the city and its surroundings, confirmed Baalbek mayor Mustafa al-Shall.
			- Nineteen people were killed, including eight women, the Lebanese Ministry of Public Health reported.
			- ## What is Baalbek known for?
			- The city of about 80,000 overlooks the Bekaa Valley in eastern Lebanon.
			- Baalbek is considered part of the Hezbollah group’s heartland in the Bekaa Valley.
			- It is believed to be an ancient Phoenician city and is home to some of the world’s best-preserved Roman ruins, such as the Temple of Bacchus.
			- Baalbek was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1984 for its ancient Roman temple complex. UNESCO describes these temples as “one of the finest examples of Imperial Roman architecture at its apogee” and they draw tourists from around the world.
			- Tourism supports much of the local population, but so too do agriculture and traditional crafts such as rug-making and copperwork.
			- As Israel targets Baalbek, some residents are sheltering at the temples in the hope that the ruins’ cultural heritage status could confer protection, NPR reports.
			- ## Why is Israel targeting Baalbek?
				- - According to the Israeli military, Hezbollah has military installations within the city.
					- Translation: #عاجل Urgent warning to the residents of Baalbek, Ain Bourday and Douris
					  🔸 You are in a combat zone where the IDF (Israeli army) intends to attack and target Hezbollah infrastructure, interests, installations and combat means, and does not intend to harm you.  
					  🔸 Staying in the red zone puts you and your family at risk.  
					  🔸 For your safety, we urge you to evacuate your homes immediately and move out of these areas via the following routes:‼️ Zahle – Baalbek highway‼️ Nahle – Baalbek Road‼️ Cedar Road – Baalbek
					- “Earlier today … the air force struck command and control centres and terrorist infrastructure that were used by the Hezbollah terrorist organisation in the areas of Baalbek deep in Lebanon, and Nabatieh in southern Lebanon,” the Israeli military said in a statement Thursday.
			- ## Has Israel always issued evacuation orders during its assault on Lebanon?
				- - No.
					- On Tuesday, before the residents of Baalbek were ordered to evacuate, Israel struck several towns in the Bekaa Valley, killing 60.
					- None of these towns received any warning.
					- While Israel claims to target Hezbollah, residents of the targeted towns, Lebanese officials and rights groups say the air attacks are indiscriminate.
					- There have been other instances of Israel striking civilian targets without warning.
					- Earlier this week, five people were killed and 33 injured in an air attack on Haret Saida in Sidon, in the south of Lebanon. A resident told the AP the victims were civilians.
					- In mid-October, 21 people were killed and eight injured in an unannounced strike on the predominantly Christian village of Aitou in northern Lebanon. The strike hit a house rented to displaced families. Residents said there was no warning.
					- About a week later, 13 people, including a child, were killed in an Israeli attack on an area near the Rafik Hariri University Hospital, Lebanon’s biggest public health facility, in the capital Beirut. Though warnings were issued for the southern suburbs before they were hit with heavy strikes, the attack around the hospital came without warning.
					- Israel and Hezbollah started trading cross-border attacks a day after the war on Gaza began on October 7, 2023. Hezbollah claimed it was supporting Gaza and pressuring Israel for a ceasefire.
					- Then, in late September, Israel expanded its assault on Lebanon.
					- In Lebanon, at least 2,867 people have been killed and 13,047 wounded in Israeli attacks since October 2023. The Lebanese Health Ministry says 45 people have been killed across the country in the past 24 hours. More than 188,000 people have been displaced in that time.
- # Politics
  collapsed:: true
	- [When You Thought He Couldn’t Sink Lower](https://www.thebulwark.com/p/when-you-thought-he-couldnt-sink) #trump
	  collapsed:: true
		- Donald Trump’s two strongest personality traits each had a moment on the campaign trail yesterday
		- And later, on stage with Tucker Carlson in Glendale, Arizona, the menace. Here he was on former GOP Rep. Liz Cheney: “She’s a radical war hawk. Let’s put her with a rifle standing there with nine barrels shooting at her, okay? Let’s see how she feels about it, you know, when the guns are trained on her face.”
	- [Europe’s Greens ask Jill Stein to pull out of US election to prevent Trump victory – POLITICO](https://www.politico.eu/article/europes-greens-tell-jill-stein-to-pull-out-of-us-election-to-defeat-trump/) [[election-2024]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- - The race for the White House is too close for comfort,” write parties from around Europe, calling on Stein to throw her support behind Democrat Kamala Harris.
		- - Green politicians from across Europe on Friday called on U.S. Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein to withdraw from the race for the White House and endorse Democrat Kamala Harris instead.
	- [Signs Wendy's May Not Be Around Much Longer](https://www.thetakeout.com/1697585/signs-wendys-may-not-be-around-much-longer/)
	  tags:: [[SendToLogseq]] #food #restaurants
	- - [Signs Wendy's May Not Be Around Much Longer](https://www.thetakeout.com/1697585/signs-wendys-may-not-be-around-much-longer/)  #restaurants 14:52 [[Nov 1st, 2024]]
		- article
			- ---
			  created: 2024-11-01T14:51:25 (UTC -04:00)
			  tags: []
			  source: https://www.thetakeout.com/1697585/signs-wendys-may-not-be-around-much-longer/
			  author: Brian Boone
			  ---
			- [[wendys restaurant]]
- # Reasons for Logseq
  collapsed:: true
	- [Logseq — A Powerful Tool for Thought | by TfTHacker | Medium](https://tfthacker.medium.com/logseq-a-powerful-tool-for-thought-9058dec80dbe "Logseq — A Powerful Tool for Thought | by TfTHacker | Medium")
		- [[about logseq]] #technical
	- [Battle Royale Obsidian vs Logseq — Which is Better  by TfTHacker  Obsidian Observer  Medium](https://medium.com/obsidian-observer/battle-royale-obsidian-vs-logseq-which-is-better-42cfa1a66d8d#id_token=eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsImtpZCI6ImU4NjNmZTI5MmZhMmEyOTY3Y2Q3NTUxYzQyYTEyMTFiY2FjNTUwNzEiLCJ0eXAiOiJKV1QifQ.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.TcddAXH6leYQM5XbaMRSY83HkzBSMBTLGJE-zLyAFhEw7LxLRIPkJyLBWpcIbLUulL6u1pqykammKV4Rbr5uKcpKLrxdc1X7cg5bKVLA5fef9QjIiwHFtrrmwIwT0AtVve0eYOW6bgetsAqP0ZqWsN4BG2Xoe86359BCRFLxm-YkBqJtcHpGIy0ljb5dSEPxz6KGqZjg63V2bq_uZ3-1G4610Iy5wtiFfiJBsliXZIccllJ8eMTMRbUO7E6deaL-SZZXmXnNQ1QbIfgpjEgCduPSZgVEqPaitCxsaiDO4VRk4jUXGJbs9J5v7bW7izrHPYyxioVEXLVAkx8_8RfV4A)
		- [[battle royale]]
	- [Logseq vs Obsidian - which PKM tool should you use?](https://www.logseqmastery.com/blog/logseq-vs-obsidian)
		- [[which note-taking tool]]
- *Reflection for Spiritual Direction Course*
- 1. **I notice…(awareness)** 
  2. **I’m curious about… (attentive exploration)** 
  3. **I wonder how I can… (active response)**
- Created: [[Nov 1st, 2024]]
- [/Gratitude Journal](/Gratitude-Journal.md)
- [[Lectio]]
- Diary
- {{short-meet Charles-Klug}} Phone call. If there is trouble or questions going forward He said to contact  assistant "Harmony Vaga"