- Last forum on [[@Caste: the origins of our discontents]]
	- discussion on last section: Brahmin fable, scene of plumber, restaurant "radicalization"
	- Epilogue MP says **great**
	- Evocative
	- ## Quotes
		- The species has suffered incomprehensible loss over the false divisions of caste: the 11 million people killed by the Nazis; the three-quarters of a million Americans killed in the Civil War over the right to enslave human beings; the slow, living death and unfulfilled gifts of millions more on the plantations in India and in the American South. p. **426**
		- He grew uncomfortable with the American way of pressuring newcomers to look down on the lowest caste in order to gain acceptance. Here was one of the most brilliant men who ever lived refusing to see himself as superior to people he was being told were beneath him. “The more I feel an American, the more this situation pains me,” **Einstein** wrote. “I can escape the feelings of complicity in it only by speaking out.” p. **427**
		- To imagine an end to caste in America, we need only look at the history of Germany. It is living proof that if a caste system—the twelve-year reign of the Nazis—can be created, it can be dismantled. p. **431**
		- Americans pay a steep price for a caste system that runs counter to the country’s stated ideals. Before 1965, the year of the Voting Rights Act, the United States was neither a democracy nor a meritocracy, because the majority of its population was excluded from competition in most aspects of American life. p. **433**
		- A world without caste would set everyone free. *last line*
		- If we truly want to end caste, each of us, every single one of us, needs to search our souls for the ways in which we may be complicit in upholding caste and stereotype and hierarchy, as our society has so cleverly trained us to do, and to consciously work against this programming in our everyday lives if we are ever to overcome it. One reason why we haven’t ended caste is that too many people benefit from it and not enough people see reason enough for it to end. p. **454** Afterword
		- We in this country have the opportunity to set a standard for how to work together to create a truly egalitarian, multiethnic democracy, a stronger, all-encompassing, reconstituted version of ourselves as a society, and to prove to ourselves and to the world that the divisions we have inherited do not have to be our destiny. p. **454** *final paragraph*
	- Barbara in Long Island on Zoom sent link to interview Krista Tippet and Brian Stevens
		- in her growing up (in Long Island?) she went to school with a lot of people of color
	- the role of spite in cutting one's nose to spite your face
		- https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/experimentations/202403/why-you-might-cut-off-your-nose-to-spite-your-face
		- [[spite your face]]
	- What can one person do?
		- https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judy_Small#:~:text=Judith%20Margaret%20Small%20AM%20is%20a%20retired,political%20songs%2C%20usually%20following%20a%20traditional%20theme.
		- **Judith Margaret Small** [AM](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Member_of_the_Order_of_Australia) is a retired judge of the [Federal Circuit Court of Australia](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Circuit_Court_of_Australia) and former folk singer.
		- |Judy Small| |
		  | Born |Judith Margaret Small |
		  | [Coffs Harbour, New South Wales](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coffs_Harbour,_New_South_Wales), Australia |  |
			- Lawyer
			- singer
			- songwriter
			- musician
			- |Years active | Late 1970 – 2006 (music) |
			  | Lawyer (1998–2020) |  |
			  | Works | *Live at the Artery* |
			  | Spouse | Charlotte Stockwell |
			  | Awards | MO award Folk Artist of the Year |
		- Small, during her singing career was known for her feminist and political songs, usually following a traditional theme.
		- *one voice in the crowd*
			- I've lived a life of privilege, I've never known what hunger is
			  I've never laboured with my hands except to play guitar
			  Middle class my middle name, life's been more or less a game
			  But in the end it's all the same, the buck stops where you are
			- And we are foolish people who do nothing
			  Because we know how little one person can do
			  Yes we are foolish people who do nothing
			  Because we know how little one can do
			- It's not my issue, not my scene, I've got to get my own house clean
			  I keep it neat and tidy just in case the Queen should call
			  Come back to me another day and gladly I'll join in, we say
			  And I'm just one voice anyway, just one brick in the wall
			- One brick in the wall you may be, one voice in the crowd
			  But without you we are weaker and our song may not be heard
			  One drop in the ocean, but each drop will swell the tide
			  So be your one brick in the wall, be one voice in the crowd
			- And we are foolish people who do nothing
			  Because we know how little one person can do
			  Yes we are foolish people who do nothing
			  Because we know how little one can do