- CalendarMP
	- 00:00 - 00:00: Bed delivery
		- No Description
	- 09:00 - 10:00: Lab work
		- No Description
	- 12:00 - 13:00: Ash Wednesday ashes
		- No Description
	- 13:00 - 15:00: Bed delivery
		- No Description
- # Journal
- Morning review
  collapsed:: true
	- <iframe src="https://indify.co/widgets/live/quotes/l2NrY3j6Da1wFFEXeu8l" style="height:275px;width:275px" title="Iframe Example"></iframe>
	- DONE Create solid schedule for today.  Look at your "TODOS" down below and make sure you are developing a good plan.
	- ### Critical Tasks for today
		- DONE visit Diane with ashes
		- DONE buy book on suffering
		- DONE prep bedroom
		- DONE bake bread
		- DONE go to mass
	- ### Notes
	  collapsed:: true
		- Identifying Trailhead #spiritual-direction
			- Choose a trailhead that you are interested in exploring. If it is not current in your life, take a moment to close your eyes and imagine you are in that situation now. Ask yourself, “What parts are here as I connect with this situation or look at this issue?” List the parts at this trailhead one by one as they arise. For each part, write as much of the following information as you can. Remember, you haven't fully explored these Parts, so don't be concerned if you don’t know much about them. Just fill in what you know. You can add more information later.
				- Name of part: set boundaries
				- What the part feels emotionally: distancing myself, isolating myself
				- What it looks like: big and hairy
				- What it feels like in your body and where: scary
				- What the part says: be healthy, be whole
				- How it makes you behave: shrink back
				- What it wants: life
		- #spiritual-direction When I look at the emerging passion in MP for the church, for churchwork, for the work of the church, I'm reminded of how freeing it was in the past 10 years to be no longer driven by those passions. 
		  
		  Surely that's a part of my resistance to making St. Alfred's all encompassing as it sometimes feels. Centering prayer is different in that it emphasizes **no agenda**.
	- ### Working on
- **07:11** [[my-places]] : [This grandma couldn’t find Olelo Hawaii content for kids on YouTube ... so she created it](https://www.hawaiinewsnow.com/2024/02/14/meet-creators-behind-youtube-channel-thats-educating-keiki-about-olelo-hawaii/)
	- This is really wonderful to hear
	- cf. overthrow of kingdom and Queen's song
- **07:19** [[american-culture]] [[health]] : [Why have rightwingers made even parkrun a battleground for trans people  Sport  The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2024/feb/14/why-have-rightwingers-made-even-parkrun-a-battleground-for-trans-people)
- **07:24** [[Personal]] : [How to deal with anger in a healthy way - Vox](https://www.vox.com/the-highlight/24034907/use-anger-productively-motivation-problem-solving)
-