## technical
	- **07:38** [[technical]] [[logseq]] : [(3) Good to be back : ObsidianMD](https://www.reddit.com/r/ObsidianMD/comments/1bf8htc/good_to_be_back/ "(3) Good to be back : ObsidianMD")
	  collapsed:: true
		- Oh it is so not going to be helpful for you lol I am ADHD as Hell. But I use logseq for daily journals. I track my sleep, bills, todos, etc. The tags linking as a page is such a nice simple feature and I love it so much. I pretty much exclusively work from daily notes on logseq.
		- Obsidian I use for Longform writing project management. I have one large "master" vault set up with obsidian sync and use top level folders to separate them. I open those first top level folders as their own vault to work on the projects and minimize my jumping around.
		- 4 days ago
		  Honestly that sounds like my exact workflow atm, besides tracking all the todos because I really don't have that many lol but I also love the tag feature from logseq! It's nice to see someone with a workflow so similar to mine, before using logseq though I would just be making new pages for everything but trying out logseq I find myself mainly using pages to link thoughts together rather than as their own notes holder.
	- **07:43** [[logseq]] :[(3) Why Logseq 🪵 lacks on development and release progress ? : logseq](https://www.reddit.com/r/logseq/comments/1286v6c/why_logseq_lacks_on_development_and_release/ "(3) Why Logseq 🪵 lacks on development and release progress ? : logseq")
	  collapsed:: true
		- Let's not forget last year's $4.1M seed
		- theavideverything
		  edited 1 yr. ago
		  I also won't forget how Roam got VC money then faded into the background or how Athens also got VC money then closed down.
		- Edit: Dendron also got VC money and closed down
		- kle0ist
		  ·
		  1 yr. ago
		  Good finds!
		- Seems like these FOSS devs build what they like until investors force them to find a (profitable) product market fit.
		- 3
		- 11 mo. ago
		  Or they build until they cash out ...
		- Kok_Nikol
		  ·
		  2 mo. ago
		  That's kind of depressing
	- **07:51** [[logseq]] : [Opinion: development focus should shift towards improving LogSeq's partially unstable core - Feedback - Logseq](https://discuss.logseq.com/t/opinion-development-focus-should-shift-towards-improving-logseqs-partially-unstable-core/17599 "Opinion: development focus should shift towards improving LogSeq's partially unstable core - Feedback - Logseq")
	  collapsed:: true
		- Allthough I normally try to not write any ‘me also’ answers, I do want to state that I for one have choosen to use Obsidian for the foreseeable future after almost a year with on and off changing between Logseq and Obsidian. For this exact reason.
		- In my hart I know I am more of an outliner guy then anything else, but every time I decide to use Logseq I run into some ‘big’ issue that makes it unusable for me. That latest was that renaming a page does not make the required changes everywhere and needs a reindex to make it work correctly again.
		- In itself most issues are not huge and there are workarounds available mostly, but over time these bulk up and I am in it for the use of the application, not for trying to work around the issues.
		- As @and_yet_it_moves mentioned for himself, I am also a non-paying customer only using the app on a desktop so I am not entitled to anything, but I do think that in the long run something need to change.
		- Thanks for the great product you build and I hope you can find a better balance between updates, fixes, documentation, communications and new features. I will keep an eye on Logseq.
		- Regards,
		  Jeroen
		- I wish to say that I agree with the general sentiment presented in this post. I use LogSeq on a daily basis and I can’t praise enough its combination of ingenuity and ease of use at the same time. I changed several PKM systems and eventually settled on LogSeq. I don’t want to go any further because LogSeq seems to resonate with the way I take notes and think perfectly well. However, I share beforementioned concerns. Endless stream of annoying regressions with each new release is often frustrating. There are longstanding bugs which are not addressed. Adding new features is cool, but for heavy LogSeq user like me, personally, stability of the core product is the most important feature. I understand that dev team is small and that they have their priorities but I believe that communication between users and developers could be improved on issues that matter the most for majority of users.
		- laike9m
		  May '23
		  enhancement of the “core” feature seems stopped
		- We definitely need more enhancements, but personally, the last several months had brought more enhancements that I consider major and benefited me greatly, than what I got out of year 2022.
		- one is “enabling backlinks for block references in properties”
		  the other is “showing page names in default query tables”
		  both of these I had been asking since 2021 and I am so so happy they got implemented.
		  (this year also had the query builder, which didn’t benefit me but I think many people appreciated it.)
		  but if I’m asked what’s the highlight for me in 2022, it would be the enhancement on backlink filtering… and maybe another something, too, that I can’t think of off the top of my head.
		- so my perception is that the pace of “great enhancements” implementation has been more or less the same, if not faster. — however, I didn’t write this to object your point or defend the team, not at all. rather, I want to use this opportunity to give examples of the kind of enhancements I consider crucial — more than any shiny new features — and would like to see more resources go into. For example the next big enhancement I’m looking forward to is the query builder for advanced queries.
		- I want to emphasize that the point is polishing (stability) and QoL improvements rather than “community requests”, because a few people (including elsewhere like reddit) have said something like “look at the Feature Requests here, why is the team doing whiteboards and AI instead of these top FR?” which I actually disagree with, because EPUB annotation is just as “new feature” and “big project” as whiteboards and AI; those are things of the same nature. The examples I gave are enhancements and actual pain points. EPUB annotation isn’t. It’s a new feature that has already been handled by other software (not only is calibre also open-source, it allows annotation links that can be very easily dragged into logseq) — the lack of unison of being able to do everything in logseq is “some pain”, but the same can be said for a lack of any non-existing feature, like AI.
		  Of course, there are many top FR here that are actual enhancements. I just don’t want the team to get the wrong idea from this thread so I’m being pedantic.
		- anyways, my opinion is this pace of enhancement implementation needs to quicken still, and I agree with all the sentiments in this thread. but I can also understand why the team prioritized what they prioritized:
		- whiteboards:
		  it was part of the founder’s vision from the beginning; so I really can’t blame it. it’s good to have a vision and actually work towards your vision.
		  obsidian also released canvas in the same time frame so on hindsight the timing worked out for them
		  sync and logseq pro: they need to materialize the business model, understandable too
		  ai: I can imagine they’re under a lot of pressure from the competition; this feature is also quite desired, to be fair
		  database: also to materialize their business model because they need to get collaboration working
		  (edited to add)
		- in-app handbook: people have been complaining about onboarding for a long time
		  numbered list: well this one i can’t justify (more on this in my post below)
		  I just hope from now on they will dial back on new things and look back to improve the old.
- ## reading
	- **08:15** [[Personal]] : [People who haven’t let go of emotional baggage from childhood usually display these 7 behaviors as adults - Hack Spirit](https://hackspirit.com/people-who-havent-let-go-of-emotional-baggage-from-childhood-usually-display-these-behaviors-as-adults/ "People who haven’t let go of emotional baggage from childhood usually display these 7 behaviors as adults - Hack Spirit")
- **17:22** [[thought]] :  [The case for liberal socialism in the 21st century | Aeon Essays](https://aeon.co/essays/the-case-for-liberal-socialism-in-the-21st-century?utm_source=Aeon+Newsletter&utm_campaign=52d131189d-EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_2024_02_23&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_411a82e59d-52d131189d-%5BLIST_EMAIL_ID%5D)
- **17:24** [[reading]] [[culture]] :  [Reading '1984' and 'Julia' Side by Side Is Compelling, Infuriating, and Depressing | The Mary Sue](https://www.themarysue.com/reading-1984-and-julia-side-by-side-is-compelling-infuriating-and-depressing/)
-